Last week, The Cut began.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The Junior
Division's fate was sealed.
Diana Pombo
and Eva Igo
made it to the divisional final.
That puts you on the leader board
into first place!
- This Cut round... is brutal.
- You're going through!
The remaining acts
in the Team Division...
At this point in the game,
it's nothing but respect.
...and the Upper Division
have one shot...
I don't think we've ever worked harder.
...to impress the judges.
This is a Cut round.
You gotta bring all
your strengths to the table.
That's risky.
I've seen you do better.
I expect better.
And special guest
judge and dance icon,
Misty Copeland, who made
history as the first
African American
female principal dancer
with the prestigious
American Ballet Theater.
I'm honored to be a part of this show.
I feel like I can relate
to a lot of these dancers.
I felt like that 14-year-old girl,
like, seeing NSYNC for the first time.
- Yeah!
- I was like, ohh!
As only two acts
from each division
can make it to next week's
divisional final.
Yeah!
This is gonna be the toughest
dance I've ever done.
Part two of The Cut...
Oh!
...starts now.
Hey!
Swing Latino and Super Cr3w
had strong showings
and currently
hold the top two spots
for the Team Division.
Hoping to claim one
of these spots next
is the Kinjaz.
Now we're in the Cut round.
In this round, we know
that we have to step it up.
Especially because the judges
have spoken really highly of us
in the last two.
You guys are the masters of illusion.
I think that was
a million dollar routine.
The competition's thick,
it's real.
We definitely have
our work cut out for us.
Kinjaz, what's going on, fellas?
- Yes, sir.
- Sup, NE-YO.
NE-YO is awesome.
Like, we listened to his music
for years and a lot of us even
danced to some of his tracks.
So at the end of the day,
to be just in
the same space with this dude
is pretty cool.
You've had two amazing
performances thus far.
What could you possibly do
to take it to the next level?
We felt that the most
important thing
that we could do at this point
was to infuse purpose.
Not just, like, what we're
doing with the piece,
- but why we're even here.
- Ready to show me?
- Yeah, man.
- Yeah, definitely.
All right, let's see it.
Hey.
People are gonna be
a little bit surprised
with the track that
we're using this week.
Asian Americans for some reason
aren't exactly viewed as sexy.
We're kinda here
to take a stand on that one
and challenge that mentality.
Sweet. Nice, nice.
This is definitely different
from what we've seen of you,
which is a good thing,
But there's always
that magic moment
that makes it that much
more memorable.
Let's not lose what made people go,
"Oh, my God, the Kinjaz,"
in the first place.
I dig that they're
trying some new stuff
I just hope that
they don't go so new
that we lose who they are.
Yeah? Good?
Everybody's got a shot at this thing.
And it's not a shot at the prize,
it's not a shot at the title,
but it really is a shot
at leaving a legacy.
Next to take the stage,
it's Kinjaz.
Already the Kinjaz look different.
What?
Oh!
Whoo!
Kinjaz! Wow, always
something that blows my mind.
And it was just right at the top,
when that thing
flew across the stage.
I like, what the--
What is happening?
First of all,
when you guys set up,
I was saying to Misty,
I was like, what club is that?
Where are they hanging out?
Where do--how can we go there?
Let's go there.
Come on, Misty,
let's go after work.
Yeah, that was really good.
But I will say, you had
one or two moments
where it got a little--
somebody couldn't get
the thing in their pocket.
But always innovative.
What can I say?
You're the Kinjaz.
We are 100% fans
of what you guys do.
You are here because
you deserve to be here
and that's a third jacket
that I need.
- I need my jacket.
- Ahh!
Yeah, thank you. Yeah.
I can't put it on!
Damn it!
Okay, now we're ready.
I feel like it was almost too perfect.
Like, I don't know what to say.
Like, I--
I felt like that 14-year-old girl,
like, seeing NSYNC
for the first time.
- Yeah!
- I was like, ohh!
NSYNC!
All right, guys,
we're gonna lock in scores.
You ready?
They need more than 88.8
to make it into the top two.
This is tough.
This is really tough.
Kinjaz, let's check out your scores.
Kinjaz, let's see where this
puts you on the leader board.
The Kinjaz move into
the number one slot.
and feel good *
Super Cr3w, that was
an incredible, emotional,
beautiful routine that you gave.
I'm really sad to see you guys go.
- We appreciate you.
- I really am.
It hurts.
We'll go out with our heads up.
I can look at my brothers and
say, yo, I'm proud of you all.
It's a huge relief.
We've definitely been
working super hard
on this number.
Misty said that she felt
like a 14-year-old girl
watching NSYNC for the first time.
- And we're down with that.
- Yeah!
Fear not, Kinja burn!
The last two acts
in the Team Division's
Ian Eastwood and The Young Lions
and Chapkis Dance Family
fight for their spot
in the divisional final.
You allow the world
to catch up to you,
as opposed to chasing the world.
And later tonight,
the Upper Division
faces The Cut.
Oh!
This is a Cut round.
You gotta bring
all your strengths
to the table.
All right, let's see your scores.
The Kinjaz and Swing Latino
hold the top two spots
of the Team Division.
Next to take the stage
is Chapkis Dance Family,
with their unique take
on a Britney Spears classic.
Chapkis Dance Family!
Whoo!
For me, personally,
it kinda took
a wrong turn halfway through.
With an 85.8,
Chapkis Dance Family
has been eliminated.
You guys are safe.
At the top of
the leader board,
Kinjaz have guaranteed a spot
in the divisional finals.
Ian Eastwood and The Young Lions
will need higher than a 92.5
to secure their spot
in the next round.
- You guys beat a giant.
- Yeah, it was crazy.
How does that feel?
Like, just look in the mirror
and say,
"We beat the Jabbawockeez."
We're actually all
still shocked right now
that we knocked Jabbawockeez
out of the competition.
Huge moment for us
that I'm sure no one
here will ever forget.
Ian came to the competition as
an untested, YouTube sensation.
This week, they're in the spotlight.
You can't do something
like beat the Jabbawockeez
and just go home.
I'm anxious to see
what they got next.
All right, so let's check it out.
- Let me see it.
- Let's do it.
All right.
This piece symbolizes
my journey through dance
as well as life.
I like.
Initial critique--
okay, first and foremost,
the picture has to be
crystal clear.
Does your audience understand
what's being said?
If they don't you run the risk
of losing the competition.
If I can't have the million,
I want somebody worthy to get it.
Next up on stage,
it's Ian Eastwood and The Young Lions.
All right, what are we gonna see now?
Come on.
Whoo.
__
Probably out of most of
the acts that we've seen,
you guys have evolved the most.
Because when you first came out,
it felt like an artist performance.
But this felt like
a complete piece.
It was a beautiful,
beautiful performance.
And executed perfectly.
Great job.
You guys live and die
by who you are.
You allow the world
to catch up to you,
as opposed to chasing the world.
I love that about you guys.
However, this particular performance,
the picture didn't come
all the way together.
I think this was a very successful way
of showing emotion
and being sensitive men
through your dancing.
- Like, you made me feel.
- That's all that matters.
We've been pushing you
to kind of bring your routines
to a point where they really
reflect how talented
you guys are.
And you guys came out here
and gave us something
to think about.
Good job.
Well, we ready to lock in?
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
All right.
Here's the moment.
They need a 92.6 to make it
into the top two.
All right,
Ian Eastwood and The Young Lions,
let's check out your scores.
Let's take a look at
where it put you guys
on the leader board.
Third place.
Hey. You guys are still in it,
going straight through
to the divisional finals!
Congratulations!
I would love to see you start
choreographing for more people.
There needs to be a style change
in choreography.
I'm tired of seeing the same
old stuff over and over,
and you're the change.
Good job, guys.
God. I know.
We're up here with the most
talented dancers in the world.
And we've gained an incredible
amount of inspiration
because of this show.
So we couldn't ask
for anything more.
Kinjaz and Swing Latino
are the top two teams moving
on to the divisional final.
You guys will be going
head-to-head
for a spot in the finale.
Are you ready?
Yeah!
Yes! Yes!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
The Upper Division
enters The Cut.
Hey!
You guys love performing.
It's fire.
Last to face
The Cut is the Upper Division.
Five acts remain, but only
the top two scoring acts
will make it through
to the divisional finals.
This week, they are being
mentored by judge Derek Hough.
I'm honored to be here,
like, working with you guys,
just can see what you guys
have in mind
for your next routine.
'Cause obviously,
this is kinda where
you know, it's make or break.
So should we get to it?
- Yeah.
- All right, sweet.
Up first,
cabaret ballroom couple,
Luka and Jenalyn.
The duels round went
pretty well.
It went better than we expected.
All I know is that
I wouldn't wanna follow that.
This time, to make it
to that top two spot,
we have absolutely no other choice--
But to step it up.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi.
- How's it going?
- All right, man.
I'm excited. I'm excited
to see your guys' stuff.
Growing up as a ballroom kid,
watching Derek Hough on TV
and doing a similar style to you--
we always saw him as,
you know, an icon.
You guys undoubtedly have,
like, the coolest
partner tricks, you know?
Some of which I've never seen.
I think my biggest thing
today that I want
to try and see
and work on a little bit
is a little bit more intention.
The bits in between the tricks.
Let's walk through it, let's
kinda walk through some stuff.
Luka and Jenalyn's tricks are amazing.
Sometimes death-defying.
But for me, it's about marrying
the dancing in between
the tricks and the movements
that will create
a complete performance.
You know, chemistry,
some people are like,
you either have it
or you don't.
I don't really believe that.
I think that you can
actually manufacture
- certain moments of chemistry.
- 100%.
And a lot of that is just breath.
- Yeah.
- Like, just, like--
- Here, you know what I'm saying?
- Yeah.
Where there's, like,
a moment of, like suspense
between the two of you
and then it goes into something.
We definitely really need
to remember that
this is not "World of Tricks,"
it's "World of Dance."
So incorporating more of
that dance into what we do is--
Is gonna be a key to our success.
- Well, thanks--I mean--
- Thank you. Thank you so much.
- Kill it! Go get it.
- Thank you so much, honestly.
We know what's at stake.
To be one of the top two
is all that matters right now.
Please welcome
Luka and Jenalyn.
All right, guys.
All right, last category.
- Let's go.
- Here we go!
Yes.
♪ Hills have eyes,
♪ the hills have eyes ♪
Like, wow!
Yeah! Look at him go!
The new ways that you guys
invent to do tricks
and lifts and new ways to throw
her around your body is nuts.
You did up your game
from last week
I feel like if I would say anything,
I would like to see
a little bit more dancing.
I wish that you would've
married your movements
to the music a little more.
You know what I mean?
You know--great performance.
You guys are amazing
at what you do, but--
Overall, it was exciting
and so much fun to watch.
But I wanna see more
of a connection
between the two of you.
I feel like-- Jenalyn,
when you connect
to the audience, it's fire.
And I don't see that same fire
when you're looking at Luka.
We need to feel
what you're feeling.
I'm gonna start off by saying
congratulations
for getting to this round
because you guys wouldn't be here
unless you guys were fantastic,
so you're amazing.
You know, I worked with you guys.
I worked with the guys a little bit
and we worked on
that connection.
we worked on those
in between moments.
I kind of was expecting a little
bit more of those moments.
What do you think happened?
Why didn't we see it more?
We tried to incorporate that
and tried to step it up
at the same time.
So, I mean, maybe we could've done
less death-defying stunts
Sometimes a trick is more impressive
when there's not so many of them.
Now, I'm rooting for you,
but I'm a little nervous
for you at this moment.
All right, let's lock in our scores
Let's do it.
Whoo!
Locked in.
All right, let's see your scores.
Okay, okay.
There's only two spots.
Right now, you guys are at the top.
You went first.
The top two scores
will go through to the next round,
but we'll see how that
holds up throughout the night.
It's really frustrating,
but we tried to push,
you know, ourselves
into what we do best
on that stage.
And at this point,
there's no regrets.
It's really hard to be
the first ones that go.
You guys did an amazing job.
Luka and Jenalyn
are first on the leader board.
But with four acts remaining,
the competition
is just getting started.
Fik-Shun, you are up.
This is your time.
After Luka
and Jenalyn score 80.5,
next to face The Cut
is freestyling superstar Fik-Shun.
This top five is very diverse
with loads and loads of talent.
Like, I'm the only solo left.
I'm blessed and stressed.
Blessed and stressed.
- Fik-Shun, what's up, brother?
- You know, not much.
- How you doing, man?
- You know, a little nervous.
A little nervous?
No, don't be nervous, man.
Uhh! I'm feeling anxious.
I'm taking a big risk
with this next one.
Fik-Shun came into
this competition with a mission:
to show us real artistic range.
And I'm interested to see where
he's gonna be taking us next.
- I'm 22, so I'm not old.
- Getting old for a dancer,
you know what I'm saying?
I'm just joking.
I feel like I'm moving
through life, like, so fast,
and as much as I tried to
fight it, you can't fight time.
Maybe I haven't had enough time
for, like, my parents.
Or, like, maybe when I'm 30,
my career might be over.
- Like, I don't know.
- I've had the same fears.
But that fear drives you,
you know what I mean?
Well, I'm excited to see it.
Let's play around with it a little bit.
This week,
Fik-Shun's using props,
and I want him to utilize
the props,
to enhance the performance.
They're not just there
for background.
Think my biggest advice is that
this is a really awesome prop.
I wouldn't be afraid to get
behind it and to do things,
you know, whether--and you could
get over the top of it or under.
It's nice being around
someone so open.
It's easy to bounce ideas
back and forth.
Definitely, I feel like
it was a big help.
- Dude, good job, man.
- Awesome.
Proud of you, brother.
This is gonna be the toughest
dance I've ever done.
I'm gonna go as far as I can
by giving all I can right now.
Here we go!
♪ I made a man so happy
♪ when I wrote a letter once ♪
Made me all goosey!
Fik-Shun!
I love the fact that you
always go for the emotion.
But for me, the usage of the prop
could have been
a little more poignant.
Like, I dug the elements
with the umbrella.
The bench threw me a little bit.
I feel like this performance
was a little safe for you.
I totally disagree.
That's all right.
I actually thought you used the prop
in many ways that I'd never thought--
you used it as a pen at one
point, you know what I mean,
where you were writing,
and it was--
it was as a cane,
and then when you did
roll under it,
I felt it.
I was like, "Ugh!
He's dead!"
And this is a Cut round.
You gotta bring
all your strengths to the table.
I think you did a great job of that.
- Thank you.
- Yeah!
As well, I disagree with NE-YO.
Go, mama!
That's fine.
That's fine!
- Yes.
- Your use of the props,
the connection of the music
to your movement,
- it just made sense to me.
- Thank you.
- And I loved it.
I mean, we worked on this
a little bit, you know?
And I feel like you took on
those notes perfectly.
You used the stage, you used
the prop more to tell the story.
The umbrella--
you used a classic prop,
and you chose, like,
to pop it instead.
That's risky,
you know what I mean?
- Very risky.
- I've dropped that umbrella
in that exact sort of move
many other times onstage,
so, you know,
good job for nailing it.
You did great, man.
- Thank you.
- Really beautiful.
All right, guys,
let's lock in scores.
All right, Fik-Shun,
let's see your scores.
Here we go.
All right,
let's see Fik-Shun's score.
All right.
They're tough cookies tonight.
All right, let's take a look
at where it puts you
on the leader board.
Fik-Shun's in the top spot for now.
I gotta say, I know what
you're capable of.
I've seen you do better.
I expect better.
- That's just it.
- Disagree.
That's cool.
Thank you,
thank you.
That's what makes you you and me me.
It's all good!
With two scores
on the leader board,
the competition begins.
From now on,
after every performance,
one act will be eliminated.
Next to take the stage
is premier flamenco troupe Pasión.
We gotta do something this week
that's gonna get the judges
out of their chairs
and feeling like they've
experienced something explosive.
Wow!
I just feel like it just
left me, like, wanting more,
but maybe not in the best way.
You know what I'm saying?
With a score of 78.8,
Pasión did not make The Cut
and are out of the competition.
We had an amazing experience.
Thank you.
Like, how are you feeling
right now at this moment?
I mean, you know, we--
obviously we're still
in the top two,
but we know the talent
- that's coming next...
- Yeah.
So, you know, the pressure
only goes up from here.
With only two acts
left in the Upper Division,
Les Twins,
and Keone and Mari
leave it all on the stage.
Let's see your scores.
Fik-Shun and Luka
and Jenalyn currently hold
the top two positions
in the Upper Division.
Up next, Parisian brothers Les Twins.
Dancing is what we love to do.
We're confident when
we're dancing 'cause it's--
it's literally what we did
way before talk or walk.
It's just so, so easy for us
to literally speak
with our body than talk.
Like, you can tell.
Like...
The Duel was crazy.
Ohh!
You just showed everybody
how the battle should be.
But now, there's only two
is gonna pass,
and three is gonna leave.
This is not fair.
- We just want to kill it.
- We just wanna dance.
Your guys' performance
has been amazing.
And you guys are very seasoned,
respected for what you guys do.
But you really cannot
hold back anything
at this stage of the
competition now, especially.
- Then show him what we got.
- Yeah, be confident.
Here we go.
The Twins came to this competition
as probably one
of the biggest names.
They're legendary in
the community of dance,
and their intricacy
and their choreography
is just-- it's unprecedented.
__
That's all right.
That's all right, man.
But that's cool.
I mean, it's so sick.
Like, I mean, the musicality
of it is so good.
But last week's performance,
you guys did a lot of footwork,
and, like, a lot of stuff
like that, right?
Are you guys planning
on doing that with this one?
__
We need a new open.
Next onstage,
it's Les Twins!
Whoa, hey!
♪ My girl mad but she don't
want another guy
♪ This is for them days
when you eat ♪♪
Whoo!
Okay, I just want to say,
I think it actually can
be harder when you are known.
The expectation is even higher.
And you guys blew me away.
- Thanks.
- It was a full body,
- soul performance.
- Thank you.
- Bravo.
- Your reputation precedes you.
We know who you are,
but you're gonna work for it,
and so far, you've been working
your asses off, so...
It's that important to you.
Yeah.
__
Guys, I had the privilege
of, you know, spending some time
with you guys, getting to know you.
- Our mentor.
- Larry and Laurent,
you guys are the best.
I saw you in rehearsals,
and you were holding back for sure.
I was shy.
I was shy!
'Cause the heel twist thing.
That back bend!
That back bend, like...
Oh, that was nuts!
One of the things I noticed
about you this time,
you guys love performing,
and it shows so much.
And it's the love
that you have for it.
- Yes!
- Maybe that's the "it" thing
that everybody's always talking about.
She has "it."
He has "it."
They have "it."
What is that "it" thing?
- It's the love.
- Love.
Because the love is everything.
That's it, that's it.
All right,
should we lock in the scores?
Should we do it?
Okay, so you guys got an 80.5.
Les Twins score anything higher
than an 80.5,
- you guys will be gone.
- I'll say bye.
You know, what happens,
happens.
- Yup.
- You can't control that.
Let's look where that puts you
on the leader board.
Guys, keep surprising us.
Keep surprising us.
__
- Thank you!
- I personally have looked
forward to your routine
every single week.
I want you to be proud
of what you've done.
- Oh!
- Thank you.
I don't think we've ever worked harder.
I don't think we've ever
pushed each other more.
And we're gonna keep growing
because of this competition.
Absolutely, so all we can do
is really come back better
and stronger.
- That was incredible!
- Thanks.
I want to know how you get your neck
past your shoulder.
Les Twins
knocked out Luka and Jenalyn
with an impressive score
of 93.5,
guaranteeing them a spot
in the next round.
With only one performance left,
either Fik-Shun or Keone and Mari
will make The Cut.
For the final performance
in the Upper Division,
it's Keone and Mari.
- What's up, man?
- Hey, guys.
We were so happy that we were
going to be mentored by Derek.
Derek has probably
the most experience
out of all the judges in terms
of knowledge and partner work.
Up until this point, we've shown
a side of us that's maybe been
a little more on the lighter side.
You know, we may come off as like,
"Oh, they're so happy all the time,
and they love each other and
everything's perfect for them,"
but it's--that's not reality.
We go through tough times
like everybody else.
No! No!
You guys are perfect!
No! No! Don't tell me!
No, I'm just kidding.
No, no, no,
I appreciate that.
We wanna pick up the speed
a little more
the intensity in our movement,
and I think that's one side
of us that we haven't shown yet.
- Does it use any props?
- It's a band.
All right.
This story is about
a particular time in our
relationship last year.
Definitely the hardest time.
Try it again,
have a little look at each other.
So when you guys go, "bop, bop,
da-da-da," this whole thing,
can you, like, look at each other?
Ah! 'Cause I feel like
if you're angry at somebody,
it's a little bit more,
you know, almost threatening,
versus frustration,
which is like,
"I just want to be rid of it.
I wanna be done with it."
We had to scrap all the things
that we thought we knew
about marriage...
- Mmm.
- Scrap all the things
we thought we knew
about each other.
We just had to relearn
how to love each other.
You have to make the choice
to love someone,
not just once, but every day.
- Go.
- Okay, ready?
- All right?
- One, two, three.
Wait, hold on!
I can't do it.
I go back to that night
that we fell in love,
and we didn't have to look
for anyone else anymore,
and just the overwhelming sense
of, like, relief
that this was the one,
this was the person.
Seven, eight.
I love that Keone and Mari
are digging deep
and going for something
more personal.
Good luck out there.
I love it.
- It's gonna be beautiful.
- Thank you.
The message tonight is
definitely to keep fighting
for things that you care about.
You can't have love without
the tough parts of love.
Let's welcome
Keone and Mari.
What makes a true artist
a true artist
is their ability to be vulnerable
and honest on the stage.
And what you guys brought
was just genuine frustration
in your love,
and everything that I felt
through that performance,
you had me in
that emotional state with you,
and it was beautiful.
Every single time
I watch you guys perform,
it makes me miss my wife.
Aww!
When we really learn about life
is when we fall
and when we stumble.
That's when we grow.
That's when we get better.
Very good job.
You are so intelligent
with your movement.
It's like an art installation.
You two are so special,
not just 'cause of your love
for one another, but just what
you guys create together.
- Thank you, Derek.
- Thank you.
- Are we ready to lock in, guys?
- Yes.
All right, the goal is
to take the place
of either Fik-Shun
or Les Twins.
They need higher than 84.2.
Let's see what happens.
Let's see where it puts you on
the leader board, let's see it.
Oh, we're gonna miss you so much.
Come here, my love.
I did what I did.
Like, the judges judged it,
and it wasn't enough.
Yeah, I'm content with it,
you know?
It doesn't stop my journey.
I'm just even more motivated now
to keep dancing.
This puts you in second place
right under Les Twins.
You guys are going through
to the next round.
Congratulations.
Yo, you got the best scores!
How you feeling?
Oh, you too!
Congratulations, you guys.
You are divisional finalists.
You'll be going head-to-head
in the division finals.
- Whoo! I can't wait to see this.
- No mercy. No mercy.
- "No mercy."
- No mercy?
- No "merci."
- No merci!
Well, that was a day.
That's a wrap on Misty Copeland,
ladies and gentlemen.
Bid you farewell.
We're gonna go do a pas de deux.
I shall bid you a farewell.
Next week,
going head-to-head
in the divisional final,
Junior : Diana Pombo versus Eva Igo.
Team : Swing Latino versus Kinjaz.
Upper : Keone and Mari versus Les Twins.
Sync & corrections by QueenMaddie
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org